update rqmetrics to only collect local metrics and add core-svc metrics (#3303)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.45.1
------
This is a bugfix release that updates the helm chart to work with new 

> prometheus metrics in the renku core service, which was preventing it from 

Reviewer: I would shorten/clarify the sentence as follows:

```suggestion
prometheus metrics in the renku core service. This bug prevented Renku Core Service from starting properly when metrics were enabled. 
```
